The below are the things that need to be implemented cleanly without
breaking the website and make sure these features work as expected

.first of all the ui nedds to be chanegs like the color scheme and all that stuff. i will have
uploaded a picture to you make sure you use that reference of colors to change the ui of htat website.
.all teh system overview stuff must have a dedicated page. like the consumers, the consumption, the meters and teh invoices
all of them must have a new paghe accessable from the left navbar. the ui must be likethe picture i gave you.
make the cards look like ht eones given in teh picture. when i click on teh cards i must be taken to the correesponding page.

now i will tell you alout each page one by one 
-consumers
the consumers page must also have hte same theme and teh color stetup that i mentioned. there must be a clearer list of consumers
the ui ust change. when i clisk on a row of user, it msut take me to a consumer profile page. the profile page must have the same theme and color setup.
the profile page must have the following information:
-name
-email
-phone
-address
-city
-state
-zip
-country
-created at
-updated at and any other data that can be shown in the profile page. there must be info about the meters accocuiated wit the user as well
meang hte connections. there must be datiled info on that. as well.
 now whe the user clicks one of the meters or goes to the connectios page which will have the meters info. it msut let you search teh user by name or 
by consumer id. then it must show the deatils of the connections that the user has. it maust be a page that lets you scrollthrough teh acrds that are largecards that 
hold al the data of the meter as possible including hte consumption of hte meter, hte area and sbarea nd soo on  and the user associated with it and so on and the location where it is installed. it mst have a view consumption button, once you it t it msut erdirect you to the constumtpton page.

-consumption
in this page you must at hte loading of hte page get a couple of graphs that msut show the overall constuption. aline graph that tells hte consumptio for each day adn a bar graph that shows the the times the 
energy consumption has peaked and the times it has been lowest. it must give you tehe option to look into the constumption of each are and subarea registered
and then it must specificly let you view the consumption of each meter diferently searching onth emeter id or something. the filters for reahins and subregions
must be very intuitive and easy to use. when hte search for hte meeter happens, on finding of hte meter of it exists, it must opn tha in anew tab and dispaly the info there
there must be the consumptioan on te basis of hte startand end date and all that. 

-invoices
the incoices page must haave multiple options like generate invoivce which must take you to a page that is gonna let you do that. it must let you set 
 the starting and eding date, hte tarif rates and all that stuff. it must hen calculat eht ecinvoice for each user and assign it tothem. if hte user has staterd their meter late, it must jsutassign zero money for that deatils
te money must be pakistani rs.
other options on teh invoice page must be that you can search for invoices related to the user by their id. and check the status if paid or not.
then there msut be a statistics along with these two options at eht every top and teh statistics below tose buttons. these statistics msut be rated to cash
it must have bar charts that tell the amount of invoices generatedm, the ones paidan the ones yet to be paid the . it must show it in nubers too. the re must also be a line graph that shows the peaks of the invoices generated an adn al that. teh money generated this month and all thieme and stuff like that must also be vissble andthe user must be able too filter throught at info based on teh month theuser wnat eh inforfor.
hte user mustb eable to filter tis info on teh basis of hte month th inouvde was genetrated for. make sure hte calculations ar ecorrect and fast.

-aerts
i want hte alerts paeg to work liek this . if hte re are no alrets then the page must be empty and say that no alers. if there are alrts tehre there msut be card s that match the there of hte picture i gave you.
it msut haev a ehading that tells what kind of alert it is system alert meter alert and so on. and a description inth middtel that jsut asys hwt hte alert is when teh alert is gone, hte card must be gone aas wel but not from the memory it msut be there to be seen later.. if i click onteh car, it must taoke me to a page that explains the alert.
i must also be able to fiter alerts onteh basis of hte date and teh type like system , user, and meter. and i mus tbe able to search fir a secific meter using hte id and then get a lsit of hte alerts in th same card type format and eb able to se its deitls whn i click it.
it msut be efficient and fast and not laggy or slow.

make sure allo fhte g[pages follow hte same theme that i will give you in teh photo and give 3d affect ot the cards and make sure to add animations whe the pages load and when there is loading phese, add a bulb animation page and whe i hover on a card it msut rise up and liek when i howve over the 3d style buttons, they msut be like chaneg color slighly or somehting so show interaction. make sure nothing breaks nad everything looks and feels fine.
also there are soem times whe teh server bereaks and stops unexpextedly amke sure yo fix that too.  make sure nothing is broken and eerythign works just fine.